chore(argo-cd): Upgrade supported Kubernetes version to 1.23.0 due to Amazon EKS EoL (#2087)
argoproj/argo-helm: charts/argo-cd/README.md

Highlighted versions provide information about additional steps that should be performed by user when upgrading to newer version.

### 5.35.0

> This version supports Kubernetes version `>=1.23.0-0`. Though the supported version of Kubernetes is v1.24 or later, we align with Amazon EKS because there are a lot of EKS users.

Reviewer: How about something like this? 
```suggestion
This version supports Kubernetes version `>=1.23.0-0`. The current supported version of Kubernetes is v1.24 or later and we align with Amazon EKS calendar, because many of AWS users and conservative approach.
```
